Don't let go
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
I just accidentally didn't stand still
Where are you going so late?
I was visiting a friend there.
It's so late to see a friend
Your Boyfriend
Then I'll take you there.
No, I'll do it myself.
It's too late to be safe
Xu Ziliang really doesn't need it, I'll take you there
After entering the special training class, even the school beauty can hook up. It's a pity for you.
What's wrong with me?
You two are greedy
Bullshit, I obviously did better than him
So what?
It was Xu Ziliang who was admitted to the special training class after all
You can only look up to him in the future
You really have a way to get Xu Ziliang out of the special training class